Bitcoin is the world’s most popular digital currency. There are more than 18m bitcoins in existence. Some supporters believe bitcoin could eventually replace fiat (government-issued) currencies. Concerns about the environmental impact of bitcoin “mining”. It allows people to bypass banks and traditional payment methods. Others say it is protected from manipulation by governments and central banks. Meanwhile, investors believe it can provide a hedge against inflation. Analysts at JP Morgan have even likened it to haven assets such as gold. The overall crypto market shrunk more than 20% over the past 24 hours. Bitcoin dropped to nearly $31K, more than half its all-time-high. Some of the steepest losses were seen by Dfinity’s Internet Computer token. The digital currency hit as low as $30,001.51 as the selling intensified Wednesday before paring some of those losses. The market closed the day at $30.51, down 0.01% from the previous day's close of $29.99. By mid-April, it hit all-time highs of more than $64,000 per unit, jumping more than 450% in just six months. Its meteoric rise in value has sparked further interest from institutional investors and major banks like Goldman Sachs. CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Visit CNN.com/Travel each week for a new gallery of snapshots from around the world. See www.dailymail.co.uk/travel for the latest. The selloff started last week after the Tesla founder suspended plans to let customers pay in bitcoin. Elon Musk, who is seen as a staunch supporter of cryptocurrencies, was also caught in a confusing exchange on Twitter about plans for Tesla’s bitcoin holdings. Why is it crashing today? Why is it crashed today? What's going on? Please share your story with CNN iReport. Share your photos and videos of your family and friends on our Facebook and Twitter pages. Visit CNN.com/sport today for a new gallery of photos and video. The cryptocurrency hasn’t traded at those levels since late January. The price of Bitcoin hasn't been this low since January. It has been trading at around $3,000 per coin since the start of the year. It is now trading at about $2,800 per coin. What do its backers say about it? What do its critics say?  CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the U.S. for next week's gallery. Bitcoin’s price plunged by nearly 30% to almost $30,000 (£21,000) on Wednesday. Chinese regulators announced that they were banning banks and payment firms from using cryptocurrencies. Bitcoin plunged 30% at one point on Wednesday, continuing a major sell-off in the cryptocurrency markets. What’s behind the drop?  The drop in the price of oil has been in the hundreds of millions of dollars. The drop has been attributed to the fall of the ruble, which has been blamed for the drop in global oil prices. Some may say the market was flying too close to the sun. Investors piled into speculative and technically unremarkable projects like Dogecoin. DogeCoin is a decentralised, peer-to-peer payment system based in the U.S. It was founded in 2009 by a group of college students. How well has it been doing recently? Share your photos and videos with CNN iReport. Visit CNN.com/sport for a new gallery of photos. Share your stories of how your sport has been doing this year. Send your pictures and videos of your sport to CNN iReporters. 